Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to be able to retrieve the uploaded comments.
Okay, then not to do this, we need to go to the controls, that tree and then the correct controller.
But before then, you can easily just pause this video and see if you can implement this yourself.
Because we've already done this for the video controller when we were trying to retrieve our uploaded
videos.
So you can see we have this over here.
So now what we are about to do is going to be so similar to what we have over year.
So you can basically just pause the video and see if you can implement this yourself.
Okay.
So now in order to do this, we need to go back to the comments controller.
And now we can use controller and B to make this way.
Okay.
Now over here, we're going to need to call the function, all right?
So we can basically just call this function.
We have to create, we send the updates post ID.
So over here we can see gets comments.
Definitely we're going to have this era since we don't have any function.
HAASS Get comments.
So over here we can then create the gets comment.
Okay.
Now, as you know, we are going to be needing to have weights on in order to use the weight we need
to use the async.
Okay.
And now we can call this report card.
This variable based on this Qualcomm is.
On this car.
Comment and we are going to use this wish you send before wishes.
Thoughts bind.
Vine stream.
As for the stream, we need to have access to the comments collection.
They need to have access to the comments collection.
We need to say fire.
For, sir.
Dot collection.
Everybody comments collection is inside the videos collection and therefore you can access the comments.
We have a group rights which is the UID, so you can sit or dock and post.
Heidi Right.
And now we can then see that collection again.
We didn't want to access the comments.
Okay.
And now we can.
Then say snap shots.
And Dot map.
You know, that's a look over these documents.
We have all these comments we have and now we can use this function and just had a semicolon.
Okay.
Not for the subs.
So for the event is going to take in something known as query snapshot because we are basically fetching
all the comments we have.
As for the variable, we can call this we query.
So we can just call this query and break this down.
Okay.
Now, the first thing to do, as you know, is to create an empty.
Variable.
Okay.
Least we can specify is going to be a type of the comment model.
And we can call this return value.
Okay.
And you can basically call this anything you which check.
And we can see it's going to be empty for now.
Okay.
Now we need to look over each comments and hard.
So this variable.
So to do that, you need to say for.
It can use.
Yes.
For var elements in.
In the query.
Standard docs would assess each document.
Okay.
What we just want to do is add to this list.
So.
So we add to this variable we talk about you start hard and we need to call this element.
The men's.
Dot.
So.
Return value.
And we need to see elements.
So the sentiments comments.
I meant.
I meant that from snap.
Okay.
And now we can then see elements.
And then I think we're missing one.
Okay.
Had this in over a year.
We can then see.
Return.
Return, buddy.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically it you can see similar to that.
Now we can use control NSA and now the NSA to do is to go to the comments create.
Com ice cream.
Now over here, we had made a very huge mistake.
We had to wrap this this view that buteur and not in this tie.
Right.
You can see this this view, the view that as it look.
Right, you look over how many comments we have and then display that.
So what we should be wrapping is not this this die, but this this view.
Right.
Okay.
So we need to get rid of this.
So what we can basically just do is throughout this list view.
Okay.
With the stream view there first.
And then we named this computer.
So all the eggs and now we can get rid of what is inside here.
Get rid of this.
This.
And this.
Okay.
In our case, control necessary for us.
Now we need to get rid of this obese.
Okay.
So what we can do is get rid of this.
Now we're definitely going to have an error.
Scroll down and you need to get rid of this.
It is there.
And I think we.
Okay.
All right.
This is what we listen.
Okay.
I think.
We need to get rid of this or what?
Okay.
There's no he'll find this to see.
Listeners over here know.
Or this?
No, no.
Well, I'm doing it to get rid of this and hide.
Look, I can't really figure it out.
Okay.
First of all, we have the least time of year.
We need to get rid of this over a.
Now, this is of.
And.
We need to get rid of this.
Is this okay?
Great.
I got it.
Okay.
So this is why we should be dropping the list view to be there.
Okay, you can see now we have the item counts.
Okay.
So now all we have to do is the further it's on.
It's in the high temperature.
We need to then create a finite variable called comments and it's going to be equal to the comments
controller.
And its comments list.
We call this comment list and we need to assess each comment by say in this.
Okay.
Great.
Now, I said of this, we can now get rid of this.
And say comments that what?
Pro five foot zero and.
It's in the comments.
That's what is a name.
So we come here.
Okay.
It's going to be comments, such comments.
That is the test.
And for the now we can see comments that's.
Date published.
You for the legs.
You can just use this and use this.
So.
And then see comments.
The likes.
Okay for the now, we will change it later.
Okay.
Now we cannot to start this at sea.
Let's start starting.
Hear from an artist that.
And yeah, we can try this out.
This going the hottest that they have faced, sun and oak has done.
We can.
Okay.
No video yet.
You can try to click on this comment.
Okay.
We got no hair.
We can just try to see if we can upload.
Nice.
And sent.
Okay.
We can change this quickly.
Tab nine is not a subtype of string and.
Yeah.
It should be all this we have.
Okay.
All we can do is go back to the comic screen.
In screen.
And.
For now, we can comment this off.
I just did this.
And do.
And it can basically just get four days in the first.
Comments.
Okay.
Amazed.
At what?
That's user.
Name that two string.
Okay.
How to start this.
And let's see, we're going to sort out the rest later.
Okay.
And.
Click on this.
Okay.
You can see a there.
The username has been displayed.
Okay.
And as well the photo URL is been displayed.
You can see the way it sounds good right now.
What we can then do is can see if we can display the comment.
Okay.
We can.
Then see comments.
I meant that.
Comments, though, adds to what his shrink, his control and obsessive.
Okay.
Great.
Nice.
Right.
Okay.
Is working.
Now let's drive for the dates and see comments.
That's comments that.
Okay.
That's too strong.
I'm trying to see and see.
A candidate is no candidate is going to do that later.
First of all, we can just on do this.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in in this lecture.